Update Changelog (#2273)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.24.0
============

New Features:

> **Performance improvement by reducing the number of calls to GetAllAccessTokens()**. See issue [#2204](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2204) for details.

Reviewer: I think this would be a bug fix, but idk.

Reviewer 2: yes, or fundamental work. It's not a new feature.

> **Performance improvement by reducing the number of calls to GetAllAccessTokens()**. See issue [#2204](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2204) for details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**`AcquireTokenForClient` and `AcquireTokenSilent` have improved performance, especially for large token caches**. See issue [#2204](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2204) for details.
```

> **`AcquireTokenForClient` and `AcquireTokenSilent` have improved performance, especially for large token caches**. See issue [#2204](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2204) for details.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**`AcquireTokenForClient` and `AcquireTokenSilent` have improved performance, especially for large token caches**. See issue [#2204](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2204) for details.
** TokenCache notifications are not fired when the TokenCache is not serialized by developers, improving performance of all APIs utilising the token cache ** 
```

> **MSAL .NET now sends the whether the token cache is serialized to telemetry**. See issue [#2185](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2185) for details.

Reviewer: might re-read this...not sure what you're trying to say ;)

Reviewer 4: I don't think we should advertise this. It's not a feature from a customer perspective.

Reviewer: we have a new section, which is "Experimental Features" it was @henrik-me 's idea for the last release. i forgot about it. that would go in that section.

Author: This is not specific to regional. This is for all the requests. But agree with @bgavrilMS this is for internal tracking. Can remove it from here.

> **MSAL .NET now sends the whether the token cache is serialized to telemetry**. See issue [#2185](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2185) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**MSAL .NET now sends telemetry when token serialization happens**. See issue [#2185](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2185) for details.
```

Bug Fixes:

> **MSAL .NET now do not force user to enter credentials for WAM AcquireTokenInteractive with picker**. See issue [#2233](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2233) for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL .NET will not force the user to enter their credentials when logging-in with WAM**. See issue [#2233](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2233) for details. 
```

> **MSAL .NET now throws `RopcDoesNotSupportMsaAccounts` when ROPC is attempted with MSA account**. See issue [#2169](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2169) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL .NET now throws an actionable error message when ROPC is attempted with MSA accounts**. See issue [#2169](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2169) for details.
```

> **MSAL .NET now supports WithForceRefresh for AcquireTokenOnBehalfOfParameterBuilder**. See issue [#2232](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2232) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL .NET now supports `WithForceRefresh` as part of the `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOfParameterBuilder`**. See issue [#2232](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2232) for details.
```

Reviewer 2: yes, or **MSAL .NET now supports `WithForceRefresh` when using `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOf` ? (the builder is an implementation detail?)

> **Fix PlatformNotSupportedException in MacOS**. See issue [#2251](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2251) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fix `PlatformNotSupportedException` in MacOS due to custom cache not being defined as part of the build script**. See issue [#2251](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2251) for details.
```

Reviewer: @bgavrilMS to confirm this one ^

Reviewer 2: Or just Fix `PlatformNotSupportedException` in MacOS ?

> **AcquireTokenOnBehalfOfAsync is now not visible in the Intellisense**. See issue [#2263](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2263) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: i don't think this is needed in the changelog

Reviewer 2: or just cleaner IntelliSense? but yes. this is not needed
